c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\OcrResources\MsOcrRes.orp
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\ImageSearch.xr.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\ImageSearch.exe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\ImageSearch.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\ImageSearch.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.winmd
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.dll
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\bin\ARM\Debug\WindowsPreview.Media.Ocr.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\ImageSearch.exe
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\ImageSearch.pdb
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\ImageSearch.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\abhinav\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ImageSearch\ImageSearch\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
